README.md, before:

# ngx-material-timepicker

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Agranom/ngx-material-timepicker.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Agranom/ngx-material-timepicker)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/Agranom/ngx-material-timepicker/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/Agranom/ngx-material-timepicker)

Handy [material design](https://material.io/guidelines/components/pickers.html#pickers-time-pickers) timepicker for Angular 6.0+

## Demo

https://agranom.github.io/ngx-material-timepicker/

## Getting started

Install timepicker through npm:
```angular2html
npm install --save ngx-material-timepicker
```
Next import the timepicker module into your apps module:
```typescript
import {NgModule} from '@angular/core';
import {NgxMaterialTimepickerModule} from 'ngx-material-timepicker';

@NgModule({
  imports: [NgxMaterialTimepickerModule.forRoot()]
})
export class MyModule {}
```
Finally connect the timepicker to an input via a template property:
```angular2html
<input [ngxTimepicker]="picker">
<ngx-material-timepicker #picker></ngx-material-timepicker>
```
The timepicker opens once you click on the input 
## Documentation

#### API reference for Angular Material Timepicker
```typescript
import {NgxMaterialTimepickerModule} from 'ngx-material-timepicker';
```
**NgxTimepicker**

Directive responsible for managing the timepicker popup and setting value to input

Selector: `ngxTimepicker`

**Properties**

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| @Input()
  ngxTimepicker: NgxMaterialTimepickerComponent | The timepicker that this input is associated with. | 
| @Input()
  disabled: boolean | Weather the timepicker popup should be disabled. |
| @Input()
  value: string | Set default time for timepicker. |
| @Input()
  format: number | `12` or `24` . 12h/24h view for hour selection clock . `12` (AM/PM) format by default. |
| @Input()
  min: string or Moment | Set min time for timepicker (`11:15 pm` or `moment().hour(11).minute(15)` ) |
| @Input()
  max: string or Moment | Set max time for timepicker (`11:15 pm` or `moment().hour(11).minute(15)` ) |
| @Input()
  disableClick: boolean | Set `true` to disable opening timepicker by clicking on the input |

  
**NgxMaterialTimepickerComponent**

Component responsible for visualisation the timepicker

Selector: `ngx-material-timepicker`

**Properties**


| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| @Input()
  cancelBtnTmpl: TemplateRef<Node> |  Set if you want to change cancel button to your custom one. | 
| @Input()
  confirmBtnTmpl: TemplateRef<Node> | Set if you want to change confirm button to your custom one. |
| @Input()
  ESC: boolean | Disable or enable closing timepicker by ESC. |
| @Output()
  timeSet: EventEmitter\<string\> | Emits time when that was set. |
| @Output()
  closed: EventEmitter\<null\> | Emits after timepicker was closed. |
  
**NgxMaterialTimepickerToggleComponent**

Component responsible for opening the timepicker.

Selector: `ngx-material-timepicker-toggle`

**Properties**


| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| @Input()
  for: NgxMaterialTimepickerComponent |  Timepicker instance that the button will toggle | 
| @Input()
  disabled: boolean | Whether the toggle button is disabled |
  
**NgxMaterialTimepickerToggleIconDirective**

Can be used to override the icon of a `NgxMaterialTimepickerToggleComponent`.

Selector: `[ngxMaterialTimepickerToggleIcon]`

## Development

### Prepare your environment

Install local dev dependencies: `npm install` while current directory is this repo.
 
### Development server

Run `npm start` to start a development server on a port 4200.

Open `http//:localhost:4200` on your browser.

## Tests

Run `npm test` to run tests once or `npm run test:watch` to continually run tests.

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Feature/issue49 (#53)
* feature/issue49: move timepicker dial to its own component and add Time namespace with HOURS

* feature/issue49: change hours from keyboard

* feature/issue49: change minutes from keyboard

* feature/issue49: create timepicker dial control

* ref(timepicker 12 hours face): apply formatHour

* ref(timepicker hours): move disableHours fn to TimepickerTime namespace

* feature/issue49: not allow to select disabled hours

* feature/issue49: remove hours from params

* feature/issue49: not allow to select disabled minutes

* feature/issue49: add styles

* fix(time adapter): fix bug with disabling hours

* feature/issue49: add flag to turn on editing dial

* feature/issue49(tests): fix hours tests

* feature/issue49(tests): fix time adapter tests

* feature/issue49(tests): tests for TimepickerTime namespace

* feature/issue49(tests): tests for NgxMaterialTimepickerDialComponent

* feature/issue49(tests): tests for NgxMaterialTimepickerDialControlComponent

* feature/issue49(tests): move spec.ts files from tests folder

* feature/issue49(tests): update version

README.md, after:

# ngx-material-timepicker

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Agranom/ngx-material-timepicker.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Agranom/ngx-material-timepicker)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/Agranom/ngx-material-timepicker/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/Agranom/ngx-material-timepicker)

Handy [material design](https://material.io/guidelines/components/pickers.html#pickers-time-pickers) timepicker for Angular 6.0+

## Demo

https://agranom.github.io/ngx-material-timepicker/

## Getting started

Install timepicker through npm:
```angular2html
npm install --save ngx-material-timepicker
```
Next import the timepicker module into your apps module:
```typescript
import {NgModule} from '@angular/core';
import {NgxMaterialTimepickerModule} from 'ngx-material-timepicker';

@NgModule({
  imports: [NgxMaterialTimepickerModule.forRoot()]
})
export class MyModule {}
```
Finally connect the timepicker to an input via a template property:
```angular2html
<input [ngxTimepicker]="picker">
<ngx-material-timepicker #picker></ngx-material-timepicker>
```
The timepicker opens once you click on the input 
## Documentation

#### API reference for Angular Material Timepicker
```typescript
import {NgxMaterialTimepickerModule} from 'ngx-material-timepicker';
```
**NgxTimepicker**

Directive responsible for managing the timepicker popup and setting value to input

Selector: `ngxTimepicker`

**Properties**

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| @Input()
  ngxTimepicker: NgxMaterialTimepickerComponent | The timepicker that this input is associated with. | 
| @Input()
  disabled: boolean | Weather the timepicker popup should be disabled. |
| @Input()
  value: string | Set default time for timepicker. |
| @Input()
  format: number | `12` or `24` . 12h/24h view for hour selection clock . `12` (AM/PM) format by default. |
| @Input()
  min: string or Moment | Set min time for timepicker (`11:15 pm` or `moment().hour(11).minute(15)` ) |
| @Input()
  max: string or Moment | Set max time for timepicker (`11:15 pm` or `moment().hour(11).minute(15)` ) |
| @Input()
  disableClick: boolean | Set `true` to disable opening timepicker by clicking on the input |

  
**NgxMaterialTimepickerComponent**

Component responsible for visualisation the timepicker

Selector: `ngx-material-timepicker`

**Properties**


| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| @Input()
  cancelBtnTmpl: TemplateRef<Node> |  Set if you want to change cancel button to your custom one. | 
| @Input()
  confirmBtnTmpl: TemplateRef<Node> | Set if you want to change confirm button to your custom one. |
| @Input()
  ESC: boolean | Disable or enable closing timepicker by ESC. |
| @Input()
  enableKeyboardInput: boolean | To disable or enable changing time through a keyboard on the timepicker dial without interaction with a clock face. Set `false` by default |
| @Output()
  timeSet: EventEmitter\<string\> | Emits time when that was set. |
| @Output()
  closed: EventEmitter\<null\> | Emits after timepicker was closed. |
  
**NgxMaterialTimepickerToggleComponent**

Component responsible for opening the timepicker.

Selector: `ngx-material-timepicker-toggle`

**Properties**


| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| @Input()
  for: NgxMaterialTimepickerComponent |  Timepicker instance that the button will toggle | 
| @Input()
  disabled: boolean | Whether the toggle button is disabled |
  
**NgxMaterialTimepickerToggleIconDirective**

Can be used to override the icon of a `NgxMaterialTimepickerToggleComponent`.

Selector: `[ngxMaterialTimepickerToggleIcon]`

## Development

### Prepare your environment

Install local dev dependencies: `npm install` while current directory is this repo.
 
### Development server

Run `npm start` to start a development server on a port 4200.

Open `http//:localhost:4200` on your browser.

## Tests

Run `npm test` to run tests once or `npm run test:watch` to continually run tests.

## License

MIT
